[male narrator]
Previously on "Ninjago.."
[female reporter #1]
The entire prison has fallen
under the control
of its prisoners.
[indistinct clamoring]
I turned him once,
I can turn him again.
It's time Ninjago
meets their new emperor.
[screaming]
It's not safe to be out.
Please, return to your homes.
[siren wailing]
[instrumental music]
[female #2 on radio]
'The Mayor has imposed
a city wide curfew'
'until further notice.'
'Tensions are high.'
But the question on
everyone's mind
is where are our ninja?
And is the Green Ninja okay?
- Lloyd.
- Not now, sweetie.
Lloyd, Lloyd.
What are you drawing?
[instrumental music]
'What is it?'
[phone rings]
[gasping]
- 'Misako.'
- Is my son okay?
- 'We found him.'
- Ah.
[Nya]
'But he's in a
really bad shape.'
'We're headed your way, but..'
'But we don't know what to do.
It's like..'
'It's like his life force
is fading.'
Lloyd, help.
[Misako]
I know where to take him.
[instrumental music]
[devilish laughter]
[male narrator]
Episode 84.
"Big Trouble, Little Ninjago."
[screeches]
[engines reviving]
[instrumental music]
We're good people.
We have nothing to give you.
Your village is surrounded.
Kneel before
your new emperor.
We will never kneel.
Our people have already
taken up arms.
We will fight, if need be.
[grunting]
Taken up arms?
These people know not
of your power, my emperor.
Show them, show all of Ninjago
how to kneel.
[whoosh]
[rumbling]
[grunting]
Please, forgive us..
...Emperor Garmadon.
[Lloyd]
'No, I can't.'
There's.. There's too..
There's too much I can't..
Please..
Hurry, he's burning up.
You cannot hurry tea
only have patience
to get it right.
It is ready.
Is it going to
make him better?
It will heal
his wounds, but..
But, what?
[sighing]
There's always a "But."
It comes with a price.
Whatever it is, we will pay it.
I will take
no coin for this.
I speak of a price
for you and your friend.
Each of you must lay your hand
'upon him.'
'The chi will focus'
your elemental powers
to save him.
But it may use up
all the power
you have left.
Are you telling me to save him
we could lose our power?
Perhaps.
Perhaps not.
[groaning]
- Do it.
- Wait.
You don't just jump into
decisions like this. I mean--
You're just worried
about yourself.
Maybe I am.
But you saw how powerful
Lord Garmadon was.
Without our elemental powers
what chance do we have?
The decision needs
to be unanimous.
I will give up my power
to save Lloyd.
- Me too.
- It's not even a choice.
[instrumental music]
[slurps]
zap
[groaning]
Now..
...we wait.
[indistinct humming]
So..
At least we have
our powers.
Yeah.
But is it enough?
- It always is.
- But what if it's not?
Ninja never quit.
Ninja don't last forever.
Whatever happens
we fight on.
[humming]
[sighing]
What possibly
could be so important
that you have to do
that now?
Just a little something..
[chuckles]
...to go.
[instrumental music]
What is this?
Take out?
For your time of need.
Remember, to go.
"To go."
[chuckles]
[whistles]
[thudding]
What is that?
thud
[screaming]
[dramatic music]
[groaning]
What is it?
What happened?
[groaning]
If you see it..
...run!
[thudding]
What could do that?
Only a being of great size.
[crash]
- Come on.
- What about Lloyd?
[zapping]
Looks like it's just us five.
- Don't forget me.
- You guys go.
I'll keep watch over him.
[dramatic music]
[thudding]
We need to stop it
before anyone is hurt.
We're losing it.
[grunting]
[music continues]
[groaning]
[growling]
Give it everything we've got.
[gasping]
Sweet Garma-geddon!
[growls]
[groaning]
What.. What happened?
I believe you mean
what happens next.
Yah!
I will raze your city
back into the dust
from which it came.
[Kai]
Not so fast.
"Not so fast?"
That's our big entrance?
You used that ages ago.
After all these battles,
all this time
you couldn't come up
with something better?
Look, I'm sorry
if I'm distracted
by that giant walking thing.
[growls]
Uh, guys?
I think he heard you.
[crash]
[groaning]
Uh, oh, no, no, no, no.
[screaming]
Thanks.
[growling]
[screaming]
[grunting]
I'm sorry.
We totally should've knocked.
[grunting]
[thud]
[dramatic music]
zap
[grunting]
[music continues]
[growls]
It really doesn't like us now.
They are no match for you.
Their resistance will fail.
[groaning]
thud thud
Father!
It actually worked.
Eh, that's a first.
Lloyd, what is it?
I had a dream
o-of a giant.
And my father
he's looking for Wu.
That is no dream.
That is a vision.
Do you still have your power?
I-I don't understand.
I-I can't..
Why can't I--
You're alive.
That's all you need to know.
You need to get to the child
before it's too late.
But without my power
I'm, I'm not the Green Ninja.
Don't say that.
My father's still out there.
I can't..
I can't defeat him.
We need to fight on.
thud
Do you have any strength left?
[groaning]
[instrumental music]
[siren wailing]
Wait.
Take this with you.
[whispering]
You may not have power
but that was never
what made you powerful.
It was knowing what to do
when to do it.
We need to hurry.
They're not far.
Now go, ninja. Go.
The end is not the end
but only a new beginning.
We're no match for it.
Of all the big things
we've fought
this is the biggest.
We need the bounty.
Go, I'll keep him busy.
[growling]
What is it?
My brother.
He's near.
[instrumental music]
My brother is coming.
How do you know?
I know.
Come on, we have to go.
[screams]
What has happened to you?
[crackling]
[grunting]
[dramatic music]
Lloyd!
Go, Lloyd, get him out of here.
We can hold him back.
Are you sure
you're up for this?
I was married to him once.
I'm up for anything.
[groaning]
[clanks]
[grunting]
[dramatic music]
[laughing]
[Nya grunts]
[dramatic music]
[grunting]
Misako, get down.
This way!
Running will do you no good.
Give us the child.
Is this what you want?
To destroy the city?
Create more victims?
Just think how many others
will be made like you.
This isn't what you want.
Oh, no.
This is just the beginning.
[grunting]
[laughing]
[dramatic music]
[grunting]
Where are your powers, Lloyd
as your city falls?
Hold on.
[grunting]
[music continues]
[panting]
The sons of Garmadon
could always use one more.
Join us.
Yeah, that never works.
[grunting]
I have Wu.
Can any of you hear me?
Where is everyone?
[engines reviving]
[Kai]
We hear you loud and clear.
[instrumental music]
[chuckling]
Jump!
It's too far.
Get us closer.
This is close
as I can get her.
[grunting]
[engine reviving]
Careful!
Are you actually doubting
my ability
to closely approximate
the true value
of our surroundings?
I'm a nindroid.
[grunting]
Give me the child.
The emperor wants his brother.
Lloyd, jump.
You can make it.
[grunting]
Catch him.
What? No.
[dramatic music]
[groaning]
- We have to go back.
- I'll circle around.
[music continues]
You shouldn't have done that.
[grunting]
[whirring]
[growling]
No!
[groaning]
This is the end, Lloyd.
Watch to see how you
loose it all.
[rumbling]
Hands off, you big oaf.
We just had a repair.
- What do we do?
- I don't know.
[groaning]
I can't break free
from its hold.
We have "To go."
What do you think
we're trying to do?
We have "To go."
"To go."
"For your time of need,
tea to go."
[gasping]
I think this is why
she gave us this.
Well, what are you waiting for?
[instrumental music]
[creaking]
- Go!
- Go where?
I feel funny.
What's happening?
[creaking]
No!
This, this is what I wanted
to see your father's return.
And for you
to lose everything.
How does it feel
to see the end?
No.
I won't let it do to me
what it did to you.
This isn't the end, Harumi.
This is just the beginning.
Without my power,
without my friends
I'm gonna fight you,
I'm gonna fight on.
Because a ninja never quits.
Well, then..
Goodbye, Lloyd.
Before I go
just answer me this.
You said the greatest villain
was the one who got away.
Then what am I?
[grunting]
[dramatic music]
[siren wailing]
Ninjago..
...is mine.
[groaning]
[chuckles]
[all groaning]
Traveler's Tea.
Looks like we're no longer
in Ninjago.
[instrumental music]
[Cole groans]
Then, where are we?
whoosh
[chittering]
[growling]
[Cole]
'Back where it all began.'
'The Realm of Oni and Dragons.'
[theme music]